chore(docs): General 0.6 doc improvements (#366)
grain-lang/grain-lang.org: src/guide/modules.md

Reviewer: Github wasnt letting me comment on unmodified lines could we also convert line 86 and 100 to `assert`s

Stdlist.length([1, 2, 3]) // 3
```

### Bring Values from a Module into Scope

> Individual items in a module can be brought into scope by using the `use` keyword, placing the desired items in curly braces. Similar to with the `provide { ... }` syntax, we need to prefix types with `type` and modules with `module`

Reviewer: I think this reads wierd an `and` might help, along with getting rid of `using the use`.
```suggestion
Individual items in a module can be brought into scope with the `use` keyword, and placing the desired items in curly braces. Similar to with the `provide { ... }` syntax, we need to prefix types with `type` and modules with `module`
```

```grain
module Main

from "array" include Array

use Array.{ length, module Immutable }

length([> 1, 2, 3])

> let imm = Immutable.fromList([1, 2, 3])

Reviewer: I think it would be good if we showed the syntax used on submodules too like:
```
use Immutable.{ length }
assert length(imm) == 3
```

What might be even better is a final section at the end where we are like this all works on submodules too and then show all the syntax being used on a submodule.

```

#### Bringing All Values into Scope

> If we want to bring all of the values from another module into scope in our program, we can use an asterisk.

Reviewer: I think we might want to avoid the term `values` as `use List.*` brings in everything doesn't it, types, submodules, values?
```suggestion
If we want to bring the entire contents of another module into scope in our program, we can use an asterisk.
```

```grain
module Main

from "list" include List

use List.*

> length([1, 2, 3]) // 3

Reviewer: Maybe we should replace these with asserts?
```suggestion
assert length([1, 2, 3]) == 3
```

> reverse([1, 2, 3]) // [3, 2, 1]

Reviewer: Same as above:
```suggestion
assert reverse([1, 2, 3]) == [3, 2, 1]
```
